The Java Back End Developer is responsible for the technical architecture and solution logic that the end user engages with. He/she works closely with Project Managers to design the appropriate solution for the Project and finds the most effective and engaging method of implementation. He/She also works hand-in-hand with the Front End Development team to ensure the overall technical success of the solution.

Additionally, the Back End Developer is an in-house consultant where he will share his views on the feasibility of campaign ideas and designs. He/she is also expected to keep up to date with the latest in web, mobile and interaction technologies.

Key Responsibilities

 

 

Candidate should possess at least a diploma
At least 2 years in the field of Software Development in a digital agency or comparable organization
At least 5 years development experience with up to date skills in Core Java and JEE API.
Good understanding of software development lifecycles and methodologies
Moderate understanding in Front-End technologies (HTML/JS/CSS)
Familiarity with source code control systems (E.g. SVN, GIT)
Familiarity with task tracking systems (E.g. Jira, Redmine)
Good understanding of quality processes and standards
Good communication skills including ability to influence and communicate to internal teams
10. Team player and strong independent contributor

11. Able to manage multiple projects concurrently

12. Preferred basic understanding of mobile technologies.

13. Strong experience in modern Web/Mobile development techniques, including:

Development on MVC Frameworks  (Spring, Struts)
Development on JAVA-based CMS (Adobe CQ CMS)
Database design, management and manipulation
Development on SOA Frameworks (SOAP, Restful)
Build management using Ant or Maven2
Unit Testing and the use of code coverage metrics
 

About this companyFollowing company
VML Qais is a Singapore-based interactive agency who produce groundbreaking work and fresh ideas for major global brands throughout Asia Pacific and beyond.

We design and build websites, interactive campaigns and marketing strategies. VML Qais was born from a desire to do interactive the right way. With a dedicated user experience practice, a creative team with incredible flair and energy, a seasoned research group and a cutting-edge media team, we're structured to produce online experiences that really connect with the target audience.

We’re nothing if not passionate about what we do. And at the center of that is a culture that celebrates our diversity and brings together thinkers from all over the world. But that doesn’t mean we don’t have fun. From Show-And-Tell Fridays to our anniversary bash, VML Qais encourages a balance of good times and excellent work.