Entry Level / Junior Developers

Involvement in user requirements gathering. Coding, testing and maintenance of new and existing projects. Opportunity to be exposed to a myriad of established and new technologies. 

Degree / Diploma in Computer Science, IT or equivalent (Fresh graduates are welcome)

Development experience in Java/JEE or C#/ASP.Net

Knowledge in database fundamentals

Possess good work attitude and enthusiasm

Able to work independently

All applicants must be educated OR have working experience in Singapore for at least 1 year

Open to Singaporean, PRs 

Senior Developers

Engage users in their requirements. Lead team in performing coding & testing of program modules according to design specification. Documentation of functional and technical specifications. As part of quality improvement process, you will analyze & resolve reported problems to ensure business continuity of customers. Maintain & tune applications (when required) for service level compliance

In addition to the requirements for Junior / Entry Level position;

Experience in going through full software development life cycle

Good interpersonal and communication skills

Java

At least 1 year of working experience in application development and support in Java/J2EE technology

Working knowledge of JEE, JSP, Struts, Hibernate or Spring framework

Working knowledge of web servers such as Apache HTTP Server or IIS

Working knowledge of application servers/containers such as Tomcat, Weblogic, Websphere

Working knowledge in various RDBMS like Oracle, MS SQL Server and MySQL

.NET

At least 1 year of working experience in application development and support in C# and ASP.Net

Working knowledge of IIS and MS SQL Server

Experience in one or more of the following is a plus:

Microsoft Sharepoint Server

Active Directory

Window Server 2008/2012

About this companyFollowing company
Established in Year 2000, WizVision is an established Information Communications Technologies (ICT) System provider based in Singapore.

Its core capabilities lie in its design, development as well as maintenance of turnkey enterprise class software applications for both the public as well as the private sector.

Wizvision has strong domain knowledge in transactional based applications such as e-payment and billing systems.

Our clients include international banks, leading payment processors, large enterprises and government agencies.